Be mindful when purchasing USED products.

While they go above and beyond in the marketing of the device “factory re-manufactured” and “certified pre-owned” and ETC are all fancy wording for SECOND HAND, and USED.

That said, with high hopes I purchased this device in May 2024 for my birthday, everything seemed to work fine, even though I noticed that the Maximum Battery Capacity was below 90%. —- Now in late January 2025 roughly only 8 months of use and the MBC has fallen to 77%, which has shown extreme degradation in that it cannot hold a charge.

In addition, I have noticed that the touch screen is intermittent-Meaning that sometimes it works, and sometimes it does not. Sometimes no have to press multiple times and extremely firm—Note that all softer is up to day on the iOS, as well as the Apps used.

Also note that I have equipped this phone with a highend sturdy case, which has kept it well protected, although it has not suffered any falls or drops of any kind.

Additionally, the screen is and has been protected and covered since the day I received the phone and it still intact with NO cracks or scratches —-

All that said, aside from the disappointment of the battery not being at 99% when received and now not holding a charge through the day even with a mid day recharge, I am surprised that I could not get to at least a full 2 years before minor or even major hardware degradation had set in.

The question then lies with the company who is selling the phones vs the Apple product itself.

I can say ALL my Apple iPhone devices have held the test of time and I’ve never had to upgrade due to hardware, but due to obsoletion.

SO, it is my assessment that the company selling the second hand item needs to do a better job checking the devices before resale, as well as fairly pricing it for its age and prior use.-not to mention changing the battery component if it is below 90%.

The one, and only good thing I can say was the phone appeared relatively new with little evidence of use meaning just monor scratches on the metal chassis housing, although this goes completely unnoticed as the phone is covered completely with protection.

The status of the companies integrity is still up for debate, if they can accommodate my request for a replacement to a newer iPhone model, for which I will pay the difference I will then say happy shopping to all customers, if not, I will say be WEARY of buying used, older model iPhone devices by smaller relatively unknown companies.