Buying a used phone can be an anxiety filled experience - you read the reviews and hope that you're one of the happy customers and are lucky enough to get an "as advertised product." You have to take a chance. I did and the phone arrived quickly and with an unexpected charger and cord - generic box and bubble wrap. The phone was listed as in "excellent" and it truly was without a mark, dent or scratch.
Several hours of backing up, transferring data and sim - now the phone is truly working and picking up where the prior phone handed off to the latest one.
The challenge of course is you have a new phone - and its always a bit steep for the first few days trying to learn the new hardware/software and audit that the used phone does not have some hidden defect that is going to cost you more time and money. So, I'm happy for a few days and then one evening I discover that the bottom speaker (the top earpiece speaker is actually called the receiver) was not working well. scratchy and little to no volume - this had missed my attention entirely. A panic search online revealed Apple 12 speaker problems and them being repaired by Apple - crap!
I went to a repair shop the next day, they ran Apple diagnostics on the phone and sure enough - speaker needed to be replaced - $120 for generic parts, $180 for Apple parts - they're not familiar with the Apple repair program (found out later that was for receiver speakers) - so this is half of the cost of the phone.
No I'm committed to the new phone, don't want to lose it, but don't want to pay this either.
Reach out to seller and explain the issue - they can even confirm the Apple diagnostic through the serial number - They offer $25 refund if I'll keep the phone. - So this tells me that they don't run diagnostics on the phones themselves - or do and hope that people will simply miss small items or accept them once they have sweat equity in the phone - or, it's all honest and by buying/selling a used phone both parties are taking a gamble. I chose to believe the latter. And accepted their offer.
And here's the takeaway - the speaker now works - once in a while I might think I hear some scratchy, but unsure due to surrounding conditions. So for now, it's good, we'll see how long it lasts - but if I have to get it repaired - I took a chance -
I say take a chance - you might get a perfect phone and save a lot in the meantime - I typically stay a few models behind the curve and benefit from software updates and people abandoning perfectly working phones for the latest models - AT&T typically had new old stock and I took advantage of that, but I have a grandfathered plan that they no longer make good money on, so I'm no longer eligible for that.
Hope your experience is a good one - all the best, Don