I’ll preface this review by saying I am pretty picky when it comes to my possessions. My IPhone 7+ finally gave up the ghost. I was hoping to get through the remainder of this year so that when the IPhone 15 came out that I would get a renewed 14 Max Pro but that was not to be. We had purchased a renewed IPhone 12 for my son from another seller and were surprised with how clean it was when it arrived. We paid extra for the excellent condition and it was in pristine condition with a 100% battery max battery health.

Prime day comes along and I see this phone from this seller. It was roughly $200 more than the regular IPhone 12 that we bought for my son but it was the Pro model and it did have 512k of storage. Due to the positive experience we had with the earlier purchase, I decided to pull the trigger.

Fulfillment was great. I had ordered the phone on 7/11 and it was scheduled to arrive on 7/14 but to my surprise it hit my house on 7/13 which was a nice surprise.

When I picked up the package I got worried because I could hear and feel something rattling in the box that was shipped in a form fitting padded envelope. To my relief I found the phone to be intact. It arrived with protective plastic on the screen, a SIM port tool, and a lightning charging cable that was loose in the box. Upon inspection I found the screen to be free of scratches or gouges but there is some slight surface marring on a small section of the screen that you have to look for in order to see. The bezel was clean except for a couple of nicks. The worst sign of usage is a chip above the top of the highest camera lens. It’s not huge but you can definitely see it and it looks like a chip in a car windshield since the back of the phone is finished in glass. The only other thing to mention is that there was a bit of what looks like green metal tape that was poking out of the side of the phone between the screen and bezel which I was able to rub off with my fingernail. It looked like the refurb process was not as clean as it could have been.

Going into the settings I found that the max battery life was only 85% which was kind of a bummer. Setting up the phone was a breeze with ICloud but I haven’t figured out how to pull down the pictures that resided on my old phone. My apps came over but know I had to re-enter my passwords in most cases.

After only a couple of day usage, everything seems to work fine. Amazon gives 90 days to return for any issues. The camera on the pro is a definite improvement over the 7+. Size wise the unit is smaller than the 7+ but the screen is bigger on the 12 since it doesn’t have the home button at the bottom which I keep wanting to press out of habit.

Overall the purchase was better than ok. If the phone has another 10% of battery life and the nick on the camera was not present then I would rate the item as excellent. I’ll always wonder if I should have purchased a phone from the other seller that sold a phone in perfect condition. I will update this review should anything major happen with the phone.